# Sunday

## Overall

Review hierachy with Eldo
Review Mopeia data with Eldo: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1W349hWdwIvb41uHNbGoK45ux3g2V05ND
Get name/location of new health facility with Eldo

- Ask both
  - quick advance (auto)
- Ask Eldo
  -exact training structure
  -exact operations
  -teams and hierarchies
  -contingencies, chain of command
  - types of errors
- Sketch out operational helper app (all)
  - Interactive componenent
  - Printed, one-pager, "info-sheet" component
- Review ID system (all)
- Review Mopeia data / discuss polygonation, etc. (Joe, Eldo)
- Census translation (Eldo, just first few items)
- Github (Ben, Imani, [Eldo?])
- Rstudio / R (Ben, Imani)
- External media file for roster / name checking (Ben/Imani, minimal example)
- Way point form collection for village recon app (Ben, Imani)
- Supplementary operational tools (Eldo)?


Cost project
- Census
- Cross-sectional (deployed the same form 3 times)
- PCD
- ACD
- Spray review

- Enumerating households
  - First 3 digits: fieldworker ID
  - Next 4 digits: village code
  - Next 3 digits: household
  - Last 3: individual

Who should be head of household?
- No mechanism / guidance for deciding who is HoH...
- Needs mechanism to better identify households

Aderito / Charfudin:
- Ask about printing
- Abt. associates: they used stickers in Mopeia for IRS
- Mopeia: don't use paints?

140 fieldworkers
- a group of 4-5 (includes the supervisors) gets 1 village

SENSISITATION [First week of February]
-Free text name entry
-Location hierarchy (identical to census)
-Does this hamlet have any alternative names?
-Most practiced religion: 1. Muslim. 2. Christian. 3. Traditional African religion.
-GPS
-Chief or ward executive office name, position, and phone number (repeat)
-Name of nearest health facility
-Type of health facility
  - Dispensary
  - Health center
  - Hospital
-Approximate number of households
-Is this hamlet electrified? (Yes, partially, no)
-Telecommunications section
  - Is there network coverage (voice)?
    - What is the best provider for voice?
  - It here data coverage?
    - What is the best provider for data?
- Provider choices:
  -Mopeia:
    1. Vodacom
    2. Movitel
    3. MCell
  -Rufiji:
    1. Airtell
    2. Vodacom
    3. Halotel
    4. Tigo
- Route information section
  1. Is this hamlet easily accessible during rainy season?
  2. What is the best mode of transport for getting to this village [during the rainy]?
    - Car, motorcycles, bikes, boats
  3. Free response to add more details


SQL management
- MySQL workbench (Eldo)
- SQLog (Imani)
